# Whether there is need to regulate Artificial Intelligence usage
In this assignment document, I'm gonna analyze two opposing articles about whether we should start to set a series of strict policies to regulate the development and using of artificial intelligence and its related data. The first article states that people should as soon as possible start to build laws and rules to regulate the using of AI to prevent future unpredictable danger, but the second article claims the harm the policy might cause towards the development of AI.

## Article 1:
In Nature's article [Rules to keep AI in check: nations carve different paths for tech regulation](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02491-y), author states the importance of having technology related regulation policy to control the usage of AI and its related data technology. The article talks about AI related software and technologies should be permitted, but need to be regulated based on there different risk levels. Different risk class need to have different regulation methods and requirements. For example, for the techonology with high risk, there should be detailed documentation for every time's usage and clearly laws about which kinds of actions are forbidded. Only if there is clear and logical rules, we can then use AI safely and efficiently.

There is also intense reputatation about which kinds of technology should be defined as "high risk" and how should the government know about this kind of very private company core technology information. Therefore, in the article, author also mentions the importance of information sharing. For example, as the article includes, "The EU would require providers of foundation models to compile and publish a summary of copyright-protected material used for their training data, and to train their models to safeguard them from generating law-breaking content." And also, governments are in the process of figuring out a series of standard to measure different AI's risk. In this way, the AI regulation begins.

## Article 2:

However, in Insidebigdata's article [Big Tech is Likely to Set AI Policy in the U.S. We Can’t Let That Happen](https://insidebigdata.com/2024/01/27/big-tech-is-likely-to-set-ai-policy-in-the-u-s-we-cant-let-that-happen/), the author claims there is distinct drawbacks of having techonology regualtions and rules. The author believes putting strick rules and regulations on AI may highly possible cause prevention to the development of the techonology since the regulations clearly have negative effects on people's ideas and creative innovations. Without breakthrough thoughts, AI techonology can't have its breaking new functions, which is a great loss to the whole area of technology.

Therefore, as the authors states, making regulative laws and rules towards AI related techonology is a wrong direction of America's government. Other than bringing society a great control and safe tech environment, it might just break the tech innovation and cause stagnation, causing other countries have the chance of winning America in this most intense tech development competition. It's too early to start regulating AI and its related techonology. It's more like putting a celling on it, like the author says.

